tonight we have a game with our guests
and well but first let's give a
superhero welcome to Danai gurira Tom
Hiddleston Mark Ruffalo danger
[Applause]
we all know you guys work side by side
to make Avengers infinity war but what
we how well do you really know each
other is the question tonight that
hopefully we will answer how closely do
you look to the side when you are side
by side we're gonna find out now it's
time to play yes
[Music]
million with how the game works have you
ever seen this game before never know
here's how it works I will share a fact
hopefully an interesting fact about Tom
Dave deny mark or Scarlett each of them
will write down whether it was you or
whether it was someone else you have to
guess the Avenger it's very simple of is
you the stories about just write me on
the board if it does not guess who it is
okay alright very good
don't let the other Avenger see your
answers every time he answers correctly
guillermo will reward you with a bonsai
tree that will be the first phat is this
Avenger flashed a stranger in an
airplane bathroom this adventurer
flashed a stranger and an airplane
bathroom boards have been marked and
since they have will start with mark
mark I would say hey Bautista Bautista
Dave wasn't you
I did but I wouldn't admit I also said
Tom he's like flash someone in there
playing bad and dave dave says it was
Scarlett G you are correct
[Applause]
well it was unintentional yeah is that
technically flashing if it's
unintentional don't your producers wrote
the car what happened exactly and is
this person still alive I you know I
didn't keep it in touch with you didn't
really I was in using the bathroom in
the plane as one does yes and I guess I
didn't lock the door happens some
occasionally I don't know I thought I
did and I went back to grab the toilet
paper and my entire like vagina plate
yes I said vagina and then deal with it
and the guy opens the door he looks down
he's like he was like this he's like
he's like oh and then I had to open the
door and walk past the entire like
cabinet of people that all just heard me
be like you know what starlet our
vaginas yeah we are off to a flying
start
a bonsai tree the next question as a
prank - this Avenger and some classmates
uprooted half a dozen trees and
replanted them on the 50-yard line of
their high school football field
who is this Avenger cast member tonight
we'll start with you deny I'd go with
mark it was it you who do you think it
was it says Mars Tom i think it's Dave
Bautista Bautista Dave was it Dave
Bautista and played football yeah I just
think it it was only one person left
Wow listen you know what that's a
compliment from scarlet all right we
have bonsai trees all around was that a
successful prank no it done it actually
got me all suspended you know yeah yeah
they didn't think it was funny at all
next question chancellor this avenger
learned to play the spoons in a bar and
has become very proficient at spoon
playing
[Music]
everyone go ahead and reveal your cards
all at the same time is oh okay
Tommy bought it you have any stocking
that perhaps you can demonstrate this
gift was that maybe bonsai trees weren't
the most yes sir you have spoons Wow
sorry Paris pepper oh you do all right
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
guys your team don't forget this
adventure collects vitamins not to eat
as a hobby what this avenger collects
vitamins not to eat as a hobby thalamus
what what vitamin vitamin it must be mom
not crazy all right
Scarlett says it's crazy Scarlett who do
you think collects vitamins I only cuz
she's probably healthiest person in the
room my my mark
everybody go ahead and reveal your who
you think it was deny my name is
[Applause]
you just never know you know so I like
to be prepared for whatever I might need
these Nanak vitamins are we talking like
Flintstones variety type you know
they're like health store like you know
are they displayed in your home a little
bit I have a cupboard and you know
they're like you know these little kind
of extra little shelving things they're
kind of stay well now you've got a
collection your bonsai trees as well all
right we have one more question
this Avenger lost his or her virginity
on the second hole of a golf course in
Virginia Beach all right scarlet Auto
that says mark Dave burning and each
gauge says mark deny I deny says more
Tom tosses large mark what do you say
hey
I don't remember that he lost it on the
second hole or in the second hole
[Applause]
all right
we have a tie alright scarlet Tom and
Mark you each have I don't know three a
lot of onside freeze the tiebreaker
question Oh tiebreaker mm-hmm denying
Dave you are not eligible sorry how many
Infinity stones can you name you have
ten seconds Infinity stones aim as many
as you can there are six see how well
hey detention this move you did 30
different times all right all right go
ahead tom and start it off tom says want
to see what you have yeah that's not
even one scarlet
[Laughter]
each other
it's a new lawnmower the Husky lt40 to
ride on mower features a 17.5 horsepower
engine in Reverse mowing control from
husky congratulations on making it to
the end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it